Next question.  Excuse me, ma'am, I have a
question and I would appreciate your kind answer. I
often hear about house disturbances or disturbances in the
earth's energy lines leading to many unfortunate events
for families.  And when I watched the
rituals performed by the master, I noticed that they all included a
section for thanking the earth's energy lines.  So, I would like to ask if we
need to pay attention to the earth's
energy lines when building a house?  And does the earth's energy line have
any influence on family life?
So, ladies and gentlemen, that "dragon vein"
is a characteristic of the land.
When feng shui practitioners
or those who have been
practicing it for a long time,
they recognize that there is a
certain land pattern that runs and is
related to many places.  So, while
we're building the house, people can see that
part of it, that shape, that area is being cut open.  Then,
unusual things started happening at home
.  That's what's commonly known in
folklore.  So what exactly is Buddhism
?  This is how Buddhist teachings work.  That is to say,
all realms, whether the deepest, the surface of the
earth, the sky, or mountains and land, are inhabited by
sentient beings.  So,
when we do anything, we
should show respect; that is, if we have flowers and fruits, if
we have something to eat and sustain
ourselves, we should direct our hearts towards offering it to
others.
And I would also like to inform Bach Han Hoi that my
family owns this piece of land.  Now, we
sincerely want to rebuild
so that we can live here.  We offer this humble gift of
flowers, tea, and fruit, along with a small amount of
money as an offering to the Three Jewels, or
we may give this money away as alms to accumulate merit and dedicate it to the
deities.  That's it, but when you
encroach on someone else's land,
they naturally have the right to retaliate,
simply because they don't know each other,
folks.  For example, Yen just said they
didn't know each other.  For example, imagine a snake is
hiding in its lair; if you don't know
it's there and you trespass into its nest, it will bite
you immediately.  That's because living beings don't
know each other, so they infringe upon each other,
and infringing upon each other will inevitably lead to karmic consequences
.  That means everyone is trying to get something out of me
.  Therefore, all
trees and fields have living beings residing in
them.  Therefore, when living
among people, you must have
virtue, and if you have virtue, then even gods and spirits will
respect you.  With virtue,
one can subdue demons and spirits.  That means
people have to respect me.  Okay, let's go with
Bach Dang Hoang.  So, this place is
like this.  But what about when Buddhists and
monks often go to people's homes and say, '
Oh, let's do this as a way to thank the earth's energy lines,'
because that person doesn't
understand Buddhist teachings yet?  Is that clear to everyone?  That means
we're using the conventional terminology of the
world.  But after the ceremony was over, the
priests explained everything to them.  For example,
Yen was the same; many people asked her, "Sister,
can you mend the earth's energy lines?"  If you
can weld, please help her.  If Yen
misses this opportunity, people will never
know about Buddhism.  Yen said that only by accepting the
Han dragon vein could they obtain it.  So when you get there,
you tell people to perform the ritual and explain it to
them.  Then he told people that he
usually performs good deeds and dedicates the merits to
all the celestial beings, benevolent spirits, and Dharma protectors.
So, whoever is here with God has something to
offer, we make offerings, perform acts of charity, and dedicate the merit to Him
.  Then people will
understand.  If we don't get involved in
this karmic connection, people won't understand.  People
say, "No, there's no dragon vein, there's no such
thing."  If you say that before anything even happens,
people will think you don't know, and if
they don't ask for your help, you'll lose the
opportunity.  Teacher, do you understand?  Therefore,
we must adapt our actions to bring the
Buddha's teachings to enlighten sentient beings.
Since I have attained enlightenment, I
must share it with others so they too can attain
enlightenment.  That is the responsibility of a
Buddhist follower.  Next question.  Ms. Yen, I
would like to ask the following question.  If you want to worship your ancestors, you
must light incense at the ancestral graves.
If it's a man, he should light and ask for seven
incense sticks, and if it's a woman, she should light and
ask for nine incense sticks to take home and place on
her family altar.  Is that right or
wrong?  Please let me know your answer.  Well, ladies and gentlemen
, the place where we worship
our ancestors has a history of past and present.
If my parents still worship at their house, I should go to
their house and inform them.  First, I have to ask
my parents for permission.  After that,
I asked permission from my ancestors and brought it home to
worship as is, without needing to remove the incense sticks
.  Where there is feeling, there is response.  If I am a
filial and righteous person, then any
ancestors who are still suffering
due to their past karmic consequences will come back to me seeking
help.  And when we help
them, according to the law of karma, they will repay
us in return.  There.
[music]